Adjusted fixes for AWS index handling (#500)
nf-core/eager: docs/usage.md

#### `--bwa_index`

> If you want to use pre-existing `bwa index` indices, please supply the **directory** to the FASTA you also specified in `--fasta` (see above). EAGER2 will automagically detect the index files by searching for the FASTA filename with the corresponding `bwa` index file suffixes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to use pre-existing `bwa index` indices, please supply the **directory** to the FASTA you also specified in `--fasta` (see above). nf-core/eager will automagically detect the index files by searching for the FASTA filename with the corresponding `bwa` index file suffixes.
```
